#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Phase-Support

= Q?: Can i distribute Ardb on my own website =
Yes, Ardb is release on the GPL v2 Licencing terms (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html), meaning you can use, modify, distribute Ardb freely as long as you keep it on same license terms.

= Q?: When will release X.Y be Generally Available? =
*When it's done! ^_^* 

Seriously the Ardb Team are volonteers, so we do not ties us to timeframe.

= Q?: How can i contribute =
Send an email to [mailto:graham.r.smith@gmail.com Graham]. Have a look at http://code.google.com/p/ardb . Any good help will be much appreciate, not only peoples with IT backgrounds.

= Q?: How can report a Bug =
  # Go to [http://code.google.com/p/ardb/issues/list googlecode]
  # Check the currently opened bug and make sure your issue is not already opened
  # Create a new Issue

Any information that you can provide us with, will help. Such as:
  * A detailed bug report
  * An online demo page, showing the problem
  * A specific piece of code that is affected
  * A pointer to the area in Ardb where the bug occurs 
  * Current Ardb version
  * Running Operating System
  * A repeatable process that raise the issue

The more information a bug report has, the more likely it will be to get fixed. If a long period of time has gone by without an update to your bug, please bring it up for discussion on the [http://groups.google.com/group/ardb-devel Ardb Dev List]. 

= Q? can i propose new features =
Yes, visit us on the [http://groups.google.com/group/ardb-discuss Ardb Discussion List]. 

= Q? Will Ardb work on Windows 95/98 one day =
No. Ardb is based on fairly recent technologies, like Unicode. Windows 95/98 don't have proper Unicode support. They're too old. Or they're not good enough, I don't know. Either way, they're no longer supported by Microsoft anyway. You should probably upgrade to a better system... May I suggest MacOS or Linux? ^_^

= Q? What is this Happy Families thing in Deck Builder =
[http://wiki.vekn.org/index.php/Happy_Families Happy Families] is a formula designed by Legbiter to ensure a good card flow playing your deck. More information on this can be found on [http://legbiter.tripod.com/ Legbiter's web page(old)]